hi guys on the menu today we're going to
be cooking chicken chasse a beautiful
winter sauce absolutely simple to do
fantastic
also known as hunters sauce beautiful
classic French dish I'm going to cook it
for you I've got a beautiful chicken
breast and what we're going to do we're
going to season it some salt pepper okay
make sure that your pans on a medium
heat add some olive oil next slide your
chicken and cook it off weigh about five
minutes okay after about three minutes
just turn your chicken over and cook for
another two minutes and take it out okay
so now take out the chicken and put to
one side
give them to slice our onion let me
personally when I'm doing a chicken
Chasseur have big chunks of onion
relevant diced slicing mushrooms as you
can see guys there's a lot of goodness
in that pan from the chicken so what
we're going to add now is the onion
let's add your mushroom a pinch of salt
make that bacon add a dash of pepper
have a touch more olive oil to the pan
and stir next deglaze with a pan with a
little white wine in
why I actually did that is because it
releases all the Fond from the bottom it
releases all the flavorful juices and
it's gonna be fantastic so we do snap
and reduced that until it's nearly
disappeared also add one clove of garlic
okay now the wines disappeared add some
tomato paste in
and cut that out for about two minutes
just to get rid of the acidity look at
that absolutely beauty smells absolutely
fantastic you can smell the tomato you
can smell the garlic and smell the
mushrooms all packed with flavor and
that's what you want absolutely
beautiful
also guys I'm going to be using a dent
glass and basically what that is is veal
stock or beef stock with source of
spaniel and it's one of them other
sources for the home cook it's it's a
bit of a pallava to actually made and
what you can actually do I mean I've
made this myself but you can get really
good store-bought Demi glass and that's
beautiful
it's a little pricey but it works and
it's absolutely fantastic and this what
makes the sauce mix of a demi glass just
a little touch of thyme and parsley just
coarsely chopped not too much add your
parsley thyme give it a mix
next I do chicken
now bring that up to a light simmer and
cook until the chickens down also I like
to do I like to get B this sauce and
just spoon it over there also a last
minute add some dice it tomato
look at that sauce guys absolutely
beautiful if you want to make it like a
gimmie glass go ahead I mean it makes
all the difference but there's a really
good store bought stuff like I said that
is absolutely beautiful
so there you go guys that's my chicken
Chasseur with a beautiful sauce and a
creamy mashed potato let's tuck in you
have a bit of that creamy mash about
sauce that's a really good winter dish
good for those cold nights beautiful do
they go guys it's fantastic thanks guys